Born south of west gate to a poverty driven couple in a shabby cabin, to two debt riddled parents. His mother was a notorious thief and his uncle was an Assassin. His father was just a drunken deadbeat who gambled his way into debt in the town of West gate who had debt collectors after them.

When Stoebon was 7 His father was caught and executed in the middle of west gate to serve as an example. Stoebon was being trained to increase his proficiency with thief tools, and was taught how to use daggers from an early age. Learning to hunt using a dagger to forage for food, his survival instincts naturally increased. His Thief mother would emphasize the importance of acrobatics. <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">At the age of 10 Stoebon met a dragonborn at the outskirts of west gate while hunting, his name was Draco</mark> and the two quickly became friends. They slowly became friends and [[Draco]] taught him [draconic](Draconic.md). The two would often hunt together for the next couple years. At the age of 12 while Hunting, he accidentally ran into an orc who wasn't normally around these areas. The orc noticed him and immediately attacked. He attacked directly at the orcs vital points and inserted his old rusty dagger into the orcs eye, blinding it. He grabbed his second dagger out of his waistband and attacked. As he struck the orc the dagger in his hand shattered. Panicked he started running away before trapping over a dead body. The body of [[Draco]], the man he viewed as his only friend, alongside the body was a old long sword with a note attached, reading “Happy Birthday Stoebon, I know its not much…but i hope you like it - Draco”. Picking up the long sword he notices the orc moving towards him and he swiftly attacks the orc. The battle went on for 20 minutes before he killed it with a strong slash. He quickly sprints back home to find his mother and uncle dead outside on the front pathway. Unable to contain his emotions he sat up against the house holding his mothers now lifeless cold body while letting out tears and he cried for the first time since he was a baby. Not even his fathers public execution could make him cry. Two months passed since this event and he has buried his mother, uncle, and best friend. He now would hunt daily and was set on exterminating all orcs from existence. He searched his cabin and found as much gold as possible and made his way into west gate. He went into a tavern (Big Edna's)and went up to everyone asking about where the nearest orc settlement was. He sat down at the bar beside a Man in his mid 30s covered in precious metal. He asked the bartender About the orc settlement but the bartender wouldn't respond calling him a foolish kid. He took out a small pouch of 20 gold and tried to pay of the bartender, the bartender yelled at him to put it away and leave. Obeying the order he left and he started walking to the next tavern as he took the next corner, a group of 4 men attacked him and repeatedly struck him until he lost consciousness. Just before he passed out he saw the once <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">precious silver metal</mark> once again. He woke up 2 days later with his arm in a cast and covered in bruises. To his surprise he was in a clean tidy room that appears as if it is a nobles lounging. Thinking he will get in trouble for being there, he quickly jumps up and runs towards the window but pauses when he heard “Young man, Wait”, An old man who turned out to be the ruler of west gate invited his head soldier/ guard out. It was the man from the tavern. The guard name was [[Jimison]] and the ruler who appeared to be in his mid 70s name was [[Allan Shoundrough]] (pronounced Ah-lane). Over the next hour they convinced him to train as a soldier to fight against the orcs. For the next 3 years he trained in combat under the head guard [[Jimison]], including grappling, swordsmanship, and long range fighting. And he was even trained as a leader and strategist, the only issue was his persuasion. For soldiers it was easy because of his prominence and skills but for normal humans he had the charisma of a tree stump. By the age of 15 the battle against the orcs was underway. He was in charge of one squad who went deep into orc territory. He built up a notoriety for being a fighting monster nicknamed the gore cleaver (pun off of name) for how easily he could decapitate the enemies. By the age of 16 he fully eliminated the small territory of the orcs, however, the satisfaction he thought that would be brought by killing them all never came; rather he was left feeling rather sad, but he suppressed those feelings and continued to fight. Over the next 5 years (age 21) he now had a reputation that would cause people to quiver in fear for his fighting prowess. The battles instigated by the ruler finally ended. He had a break so he went back to his childhood cabin where he found a note saying “Dear [[Jimison]], if one day we reach our end, please protect Stoebon. - Lainey Goreweaver” bringing him to tears he decided to go talk to [[Jimison]], however that never was a possibility. As he entered the castle and made his way into his own room he noticed [[Jimison]] dead on the floor. He quickly locked the door and searched [[Jimison]] where he found a small piece of parchment with a safe combo written on it. He stored the small parchment and went to [[Jimison]]'s room and found the safe behind a painting he opened it using the combo and grabbed the note which read: 

Dear Stoebon,
I apologise I couldn't tell you before, but I knew your mother. We were former lovers
and you are my true son. I always wanted to tell you but I never could get the words
out. Im sorry…
If you are reading this, than i must be dead. I have been investigating the true cause of lainey’s death and have stumbled upon some alarming things.
-An Orc was not Lainey’s killer.
-<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">The Shoundrough family was hired to kill your mom.</mark>
-<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">I believe someone in this Shoundrough family is tied to a higher level of organised crime.</mark>
Attached is proof of payment from a certain Royal family, Please don't take revenge on this royal family. There is nothing you can do. I left 10 gold for you, So please Stay safe and LIVE HAPPILY!
Your Father,
[[Jimison]]

Unable to contain his anger he goes to kill the ruler, however as he walks towards the lords room all guards were on the floor dead. He opens the door to the scene of the lords neck being impaled by the blade of the lords only sons. The son escapes before he could do anything. He decided to spend the next year attempting to be happy, he did learn that all the deaths were covered up by an unknown royal family. And that all suspicions of him were cleared. He did an export mission to the port town of Baldur's gate, A merchant city, shipping capital. It was a town with much better crime rates then west gate. He settled down in Baldur's gate and would complete tasks within the town. The once notorious Gore Cleaver was now an errand boy until...